Cost to Spawn: 250,000 Tainted Coins
Slayer Exp Reward: 3,200 Hybrid Slayer Exp

Requirements:
  - Beaten Pinqsci (Floor 5)
  - Hybrid Slayer Level 6



Voidshade Vanguard (Tier 6)
  10,000,000,000 Health
  2,400,000 Damage
  200 Defence + 1900 Magic Resistance
  Perks:
    - Ignores 40% of target Defence.
    - Only the summoner can hurt the Voidshade.
    - Consecutive enemy hits within 10 ticks deal 0.7x damage (stacking).
    - Heals for 0.3% missing health on each hit (1s cooldown).

  Abilities:
    - Role Reversal (Passive)
      Attacking the Voidshade increases its Anger by 1. Every second, its Anger is reduced by 1.
      At 4 Anger, it creates a 12-block explosion, which deals 99% of the target's current health as true damage.
      It also moves twice as fast, and deals 3x the damage, for 5 seconds.

    - Shellshocked (Passive)
      The Voidshade does not take any knockback.
      For every block of knockback that you would normally deal, your damage is increased (multiplicatively) by 10%.
      The Voidshade, however, has a base (and minimum) attack cooldown of 0 ticks.

    - Peaking Smite
      Occasionally, the Voidshade will stop and channel an attack for 1.5 seconds. Afterwards, it lunges forward, dealing 6,500,000 damage to targets in front.
      Targets that get hit also have their current Mana and Devotion halved, and regeneration reduced to 0 for 5 seconds.

    - Sinister Suffering (Passive)
      Every time the Voidshade loses 10% of its maximum health, it creates a large red bubble around it and the target.
      The bubble lasts for 3 seconds, and deals 1% of the target's current health as true damage, every second, for every 5% of their missing mana.
      Every third bubble grants the Voidshade a permanent 25% bonus damage reduction (additive), lasting for the rest of the fight.
        The damage reduction only applies to new tiers; if the Voidshade is dropped below 70% and then regenerates to above 70%, this will not occur if it is dropped below 70% again.

    - Mode of Aggression
      Occasionally, the Voidshade will change colour; to either green, blue, or red. This lasts for 6 seconds before reverting.
      While green, the Voidshade only takes damage from non-magic projectiles.
      While blue, it only takes magic damage.
      While red, it only takes melee damage.
      If the target cannot deal at least 6% of its maximum health while its coloured, the Voidshade gains a non-expiring shield equal to 25% of its maximum health.
      Mode of Aggression cannot be used during Sinister Suffering, Submissive Augury, and Truly Immortal.

    - Submissive Augury (Passive)
      At 75%, 45%, and 15% health, the Voidshade becomes invulnerable and creates a large green bubble around it and the target.
      After a second, it shoots a beam of energy in the target direction; creating a path of light. This reflects off of the walls of the bubble up to 4 times. This path of light does not deal any damage yet.
      When the beam touches the wall for the 5th time, the path of light explodes - instantly killing any target within 0.75 blocks of it.
      The Voidshade shoots a total of 3 beams per bubble.

    - Truly Immortal (Passive)
      At 67%, 34%, and 1% health, the Voidshade becomes invulnerable and creates a large white bubble around it and the target.
      After a second, the Voidshade splits into 8 identical copies - each surrounded by 3 rings.
      Each ring is either blue, red, or green. Each ring must be shattered by dealing damage to them with their appropriate combat type (as shown in Mode of Aggression); outer rings first.
      After 15 seconds (if not all rings are broken), the Voidshade copies merge back into one, and it restores health back equal to 1.5% maximum health per ring.

    - Final Breath (Passive)
      On death, the Voidshade leaves behind a shadow.
      After 1 second, the shadow creates a 10-block explosion. This explosion deals damage equal to 100% of the target's maximum health, minus 1, as pure damage.
      If the target dies to this explosion, the shadow revives, and the 'kill' does not count towards Slayer XP, and does not drop anything.
